there is still some girls in his team's
oh we open that coffin he found this
noble mummy of the King all covered with
gold and his inner coffins were bad eyes
and with gold and soul inside and
outside with inlays of all kinds of
precious stones thank you for your
lecture you're trying to prove an
argument for two
that you do not have it is harakiri you
have to be crazy to try giving exact
position of the to be honest what this
was offensive there is not a single
scientist out there believes in your
theory you are alone
not scientific
consists of the equation hypothesis plus
verification treasure
you are going to see the results then
you confirm you still believe in them
and if you are mistaken this is your
sentence of death in the scientific
world so everything you said about the
history of the virus is true